in the days other
news Saudi Arabia and
other Arab states
cut off all ties with
their neighboring
nation of Qatar
sending the Persian
Gulf region into a
new crisis they
accused the tiny oil
state of supporting
terrorist groups and
embracing Iran US
military officials
said that the crisis
will not affect the
10,000 American
troops in Qatar we'll
take a closer look
right after the news
summary President
Trump will not invoke
executive privilege
to try to block
former FBI director
James Comey from
testifying before
Congress this week a
White House spokeswoman
said today that
mr. Trump decided
that he wants to quote
facilitate a swift and thorough
examination of the
facts it's been
reported that Comey
will testify that
the president
pressured him to stop
investigating
campaign ties to the
Russians the president
today endorsed a
push to privatize
the nation's air
traffic control system
he said he wants
an independent
organization to oversee
operations and
upgrade technology
separate from the
Federal Aviation
Administration at a
White House ceremony
the president said
millions of US
travelers stand to benefit we're
proposing reduced
wait times increased
route efficiency
and far fewer delays
our plan will get
you where you need to
go more quickly
more reliably more
affordably and yes
for the first time in
a long time on time
Democrats quickly
rejected the proposal
House Minority
Leader Nancy Pelosi
called it quote a
tired Republican plan
that both sides of
the aisle have rejected
tragedy today in
an awning factory
outside Orlando
Florida the local
sheriff says that a
man who had been fired
from the plant in
April shot and killed
five people and
then turned the
gun on himself John
Robert Newman was
armed with a handgun
and a hunting knife
investigators say
that he slipped into
the giant factory
through a rear door
in Mexico the ruling
party held a slim
lead today in the race
to control the
country's most populous
state the pr i--'s candidate for
governor of mexico
state narrowly led a
leftist challenger
with nearly all the
votes counted in
Sunday's election a
victory could boost
president Enrique
Pena Nieto who has
single-digit approval
numbers and faces
re-election next
year the US Supreme
Court agreed today
to hear a major
privacy case involving
cell phone data
at issue is whether
police need a
warrant to access
data about a phone's
location wireless
carriers received
thousands of such
requests each year so
far lower courts
have ruled for the
police and on Wall
Street the Dow Jones
Industrial Average
lost 22 points to
close at 21,000 184
the Nasdaq fell 10
and the S&P 500 slipped 3